>> Jen: So first of all,
the number one question I'm getting
about images is the resizing question.
Can we just take an image and just drop it
into our web pages and then use HTML and
probably tomorrow you'll ask me about CSS.
Can we use something to resize
those images once they're inside of
the Web page?
Yeah, just because you can doesn't
mean you should, all right?
Tattoo that on your forehead.
So this is really a bad idea.
The reason why is because when
you have a great big huge picture
that looks great on your desktop
computer with its broadband connection,
you wind up with that same great big huge
honkin' picture of you mobile phone.
And it's going to eat
up your data plan and
it's going to take forever to download.
So it's just really bad form to do that.
It's way better to go ahead and get that
image resized in some way or another.
And there are approximately five
bajillion different resize and
crop programs for pictures out there.
Some of them are already on your computer
because they came with your computer.
If you actually buy digital
cameras these days,
you may have software
that comes with that.
And if those don't work for you,
I just did a Google up here for
free image resize crop software,
resize meaning actually just changed
the size of the image, crop meaning
actually cut away parts of the image, so
you have a smaller image and
you get rid of some extra stuff.
So if you Google for that,
there'll be a ton of results here.
I haven't tried any of them.
You're welcome to go ahead and
give them a go.
There's other things that will work
just on your Mac, just on your PC.
So feel free to experiment and
find out what works best for you, okay?
But you should always resize that picture
before you put it in the Web page.
The corollary to that question,
how big should the image be?
And the right answer is?
>> Speaker 2: It depends.
>> Jen: It depends.
[LAUGH] What is it exactly that you're
trying to do with that picture?
So I think the real question
that you're asking with that is,
how big should my picture be or how big
is the average picture on a Web page?
Well, if you go back to that page that
we built earlier with the image from
Place Kitten, that picture was 200
pixels wide by 300 pixels tall,
so that should give you a sense of
how big things are in pixels because
you're probably not used to working
in pixels on a website right?
So I'll give you a sense
of like how big that is,
whether you should be a little bigger or
a little smaller than those dimensions for
whatever it is that you're doing, okay?.
Do we have any lingering questions
on images here in the classroom?
>> Speaker 3: If we want to put like
a big image like add at the header,
is that something to do with CSS or?
>> Jen: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Jen: You can do that with CSS and
make it a background image so
you can put text on top of it,
if you wanna write something on it, or
you could put it at the top
of your page as an image.
You won't be able to squish it all the way
up into the edges of the browser yet.
You'll need some CSS to help with that.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Jen: Okay, yeah, so depends.